Support `_FILE` suffixed env vars in Docker entrypoint (#47573)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/setup/install/docker.asciidoc

You can set individual {es} configuration parameters using Docker environment variables. 
The <<docker-compose-file, sample compose file>> and the 

> <<docker-cli-run-dev-mode, single-node example>>  use this method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<<docker-cli-run-dev-mode, single-node example>> use this method.
```

> If you are providing secrets e.g. passwords to {es} and you do not want to pass them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are providing secrets, such as passwords, to {es} and do not want to pass them
```

> directly via environment variables, you can instead supply environment variables suffixed with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directly via environment variables, you can supply environment variables suffixed with
```

> "_FILE". The variable value specifies a file, whose contents are used for the secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"_FILE". The variable value specifies a file whose contents are used for the secret.
```

For example, if you specified the environment variable "ELASTIC_PASSWORD_FILE" with value

> "/run/secrets/password.txt", and bind-mounted a file at this location in the container with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"/run/secrets/password.txt" and bind-mounted a file at this location in the container with
```

> the contents "PleaseChangeMe", then this would be equivalent to specifying the environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the contents "PleaseChangeMe", this would be equivalent to specifying the environment
```

> variable "ELASTIC_PASSWORD" with the value "PleaseChangeMe".

Reviewer 2: In general, I'd recommend sticking to present tense for examples. In this case, I'd go with something like:

> For example, to set the {es} bootstrap password from a file, you can bind mount the file and set the `ELASTIC_PASSWORD_FILE` environment variable to the mount location. If you mount the password file to `/run/secrets/password.txt`, specify:
> 
> `-e ELASTIC_PASSWORD_FILE=/run/secrets/bootstrapPassword.txt \`

Also note that the quotes should be backticks to render the env var and path in code font.
